I 1 million
What!
I will order the vase today.
How could Linger get tired of this pot?
I don't know that either.
Hurry up and bring Linger home to me
OK
Miss just called 600,000 Are you sure you want 1 million?
OK Linger
Your dad asked me to take you home
Brother Remnant Peak, what you want
No matter how much it is, I will pay you.
2 million me 5 million
Lin Shunqiang, what are you doing here?
Of course it's a vase for your dad
Letter from Lin Shaogu Chengxiong
Furujo hid the secret in a vase
At Gard Auctions
Ok you old thing
Damn you
Wait until I get the secret
Must kill you
What are you still doing?
I'll shoot someone to go to the auction house
Okay.
What do you want this vase for?
Why should I ask you to take care of it?
I was a chamber pot.
Can't give it to this kid
You were lucky last time
Today, let's settle the new and old accounts together.
This is the best time to get the most right
It cannot be delayed.
Li Shaoqiang, I warn you
Dare to change my business again
Be careful I trouble you
Hey, you stinky pockmark
Just because you still want to mess with my big brother
Trouble me, right?
I'm so scared
Please.
Hurry up and trouble me
Come come come
The blackboarder is dumb
Strong Group Lin always bid 5 million